This is moments of the meeting of discussion on Dec 08, 2019 over the telegram group

The agenda of the meeting is to come off with a specific problem statement to work on.

1. A group of volunteers, who can reach out to the needy asap.
2. A platform that assists the volunteers.

Features of the technical platform:
1. A user uses it to send alerts to nearby volunteers along with the emergency contact person, 
   which the user selected to reach out to in case of emergency. Raising alter should be either by a specific key combination or by any mean which doesn't need much user intervention.
   
2. Track me feature, when activated user needs to add fill up some of the required info like from and to location, can share the 
   journey with friends, family, etc and application will keep tracking the user journey. If something unusual happens like user 
   not following the desired route, or waiting at a place for long or such activity detected by the algorithm or an ML model running
   on the user device, if something usual detected application will automatically send a soft alert for the first time to the user's with
   whom journey is shared or emergency contact's, now those user(s) can contact the user and mark the activity safe or raise the 
   alter on his/her behalf.

3. Information of the needy shared with the volunteers, should not contain any personal information. Only minimal information is
   to be shared so that volunteers can reach out to the needy.
   * Features like snap chat where other users unable to take a screenshot of the picture shared are desirable.

4. In many cases, it is observed that reaching out the mobile is not an option, as either the mobile phone is snatched, to thrown away
   or switched off, a proposal to design an IoT device that used to trigger the alert message.
   There are the following options regarding the IoT devices:
   i)   An independent smartwatch, band, or wearable item, that can work on its own with or without the Internet. 
        But needs u to insert a sim card. 
   ii)  An IoT device that will use phones to work. It will work until ur snatched phone is within Bluetooth range and not switched off.
   iii) An app that will be universal to all smartwatches, that will send information to our server. 


5. In case of an accident, anyone can use a specific key combination. Once the key combination is pressed
   Lock screen wallpaper will be change to a QR code, which can be scanned by the application, leads to sending
   alert messages to the emergency contact persons and all the basic details which are helpful in those cases.

6. Registration to the platform will be done using a govt provided identity proof such as Aadhar card, which can be used to verify the
   the authenticity of the user. This will also prevent spam on the platform
   
